They say that a healthy mind
lives in a healthy body.
And I take good care of mine
—not a day without exercising.
And I do my best to stick
to a spiritual routine too.
Oh, no, the meeting for field service!
I’ve got to get going.
By the way, my name is Ryan.
I’m glad I could work
with Andrew this morning.
He’s always so well-prepared
for the ministry.
You see, I’m not so good
at starting conversations
with people I don’t know.
And then it’s great
to have Andrew on your team.
He’s really good at that.
And once we’re done here,
I’m off into the woods for a long hike.
It’s, like, the only place
I can recharge my batteries.
Andrew suggests that we first do
some of my return visits.
Well, I’m afraid I don’t have any
—sorry, Andrew, maybe next weekend.
I like our meetings,
but I wish I’d prepared better.
Now the study is over,
and again I couldn’t comment.
Man, I need to be
at the cinema in ten minutes.
Oh, yeah!
Thanks, Edgar!
My field service report.
My group overseer always has to remind me.
How come I always forget?
Andrew and I are good friends.
To be honest,
he seems to be
the only friend I’ve got in our congregation.
Last week,
he was appointed as a ministerial servant.
I’m not surprised at all.
He is  a great example,
especially for me.
I wonder why I haven’t qualified
to be a ministerial servant?
Wow, Andrew is always busy
for the congregation
—helping the friends,
taking care
of our older brothers and sisters.
He really cares for them.
How come I never think of that?
That evening
Edgar and Martin,
the assistant group overseer, came over.
They’ve noticed how hard I train
to stay in good shape physically.
But am I working as hard
to be in good shape spiritually?
Martin reminded me of 1 Timothy 3:1.
“This statement is trustworthy:
“If a man is reaching out to be an overseer,
he is desirous of a fine work.”
This principle applies to me,
since an overseer qualifies
first as a ministerial servant.
The brothers asked me,
“How is the apostle Paul
an example to someone
who’s ‘desirous of a fine work’?”
Paul strengthened the friends
by giving encouraging talks.
He showed personal interest for the elderly,
for the fatherless boys,
and had a good share in the ministry.
The brothers were right.
Having a good share in the ministry
gives so much happiness!
Edgar commended me
for how I handled that last return visit.
Who knows,
maybe I will conduct a Bible study soon!
I didn’t realize that we had
so many nice friends in our congregation!
Perhaps I just didn’t give them
a chance in the past.
I guess I had a spiritual routine before,
but I was too distracted
by what I  wanted to do.
But there is so much I can do for others.
With better preparation,
I feel more comfortable giving comments.
And I was able to stand-in
for a part during the midweek meeting.
Martin gave me some great advice afterwards.
The apostle Paul worked hard,
gave to others, and reached out.
Following his example
gives me so much joy in life.
Now I realize
what it really  means to reach out.
It’s all about being a spiritual man!